[Messenger] Add a "in-memory://" transport (#29097)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Bundle/FrameworkBundle/CHANGELOG.md

4.2.0
-----

>  * Added a `NullTransport` to Messenger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Added a `NullTransport` to Messenger. Use it with a DSN starting with `null://`.
```

 * Added support for Translator paths, Twig paths in translation commands.
 * Added support for PHP files with translations in translation commands.
 * Added support for boolean container parameters within routes.
 * Added a `NullTransport` to Messenger. Use it with a DSN starting with `null://`.

4.2.0

> -----

Reviewer: You need to keep this line.

Author: Woops, fixed!

 * Added support for PHP files with translations in translation commands.
 * Added support for boolean container parameters within routes.
 * Added the `messenger:setup-transports` command to setup messenger transports

>  * Added a `InMemoryTransport` to Messenger. Use it with a DSN starting with `null://`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Added a `InMemoryTransport` to Messenger. Use it with a DSN starting with `in-memory://`.
```
